README.md, before:

# Iguana Desktop App
Desktop App for SuperNET DAPPs

#### For Developers
You must have `node.js` and `npm` installed on your machine.

Clone Iguana Desktop App with EasyDEX-GUI submodule
```shell
git clone --recursive https://github.com/SuperNETorg/iguana.git
cd gui/EasyDEX-GUI/
git checkout master
git pull
cd ../../
```

Install Iguana App
```shell
cd iguana
npm install
```

Then start Iguana App
```shell
npm start
```

#### For end users
The instructions to make production build of Iguana App will be updated soon.

To build the production ready app, install `electron-packager` and `electron-prebuilt` packages from npm
```shell
npm install electron-packager -g
npm install electron-prebuilt -g
```

#### **Build the Wallet-App**
Refer to the original [electron-packager](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-packager) repository for more detailed information.

##### Linux
Change directory to iguana and execute the following command to build the Linux app
```shell
cd iguana
electron-packager . --platform=linux --arch=x64 --icon=assets/icons/iguana_app_icon_png/128x128.png --out=build/ --buildVersion=VERSION_NUMBER_HERE --ignore=assets/bin/win64 --ignore=assets/bin/osx --overwrite
```
change architecture build parameter to ```--arch=x32``` for 32 bit build

##### OSX
Change directory to iguana and execute the following command to build the OSX app
```shell
cd iguana
electron-packager . --platform=darwin --arch=x64 --icon=assets/icons/iguana_app_icon.icns --out=build/ --buildVersion=VERSION_NUMBER_HERE --ignore=assets/bin/win64 --ignore=assets/bin/linux64 --overwrite
```

##### Windows
Change directory to iguana and execute the following command to build the Windows app
```shell
dir iguana
electron-packager . --platform=win32 --arch=x64 --icon=assets/icons/iguana_app_icon.ico --out=build/ --buildVersion=VERSION_NUMBER_HERE --ignore=assets/bin/osx --ignore=assets/bin/linux64 --overwrite

# If generating 32bit desktop package
electron-packager . --platform=win32 --arch=ia32 --icon=assets/icons/iguana_app_icon.ico --out=build/ --buildVersion=VERSION_NUMBER_HERE --ignore=assets/bin/osx --ignore=assets/bin/linux64 --overwrite

# To build both x64 and x86 desktop package
electron-packager . --platform=win32 --arch=all --icon=assets/icons/iguana_app_icon.ico --out=build/ --buildVersion=VERSION_NUMBER_HERE --ignore=assets/bin/osx --ignore=assets/bin/linux64 --overwrite
```
change architecture build parameter to ```--arch=x64``` for 64 bit build


## Troubleshooting Instructions

### Windows DLL issues
On Windows it's noticed iguana.exe complains about `VCRUNTIME140D.DLL` and `ucrtbased.dll` file.

Please see **windeps** directory and README file for instructions to install the required DLL files on Windows, and then try again running Iguana App.

Commit message:

add root/Administrator notification for problems with electron-packager and electron-prebuilt installation

README.md, after:

# Iguana Desktop App
Desktop App for SuperNET DAPPs

#### For Developers
You must have `node.js` and `npm` installed on your machine.

Clone Iguana Desktop App with EasyDEX-GUI submodule
```shell
git clone --recursive https://github.com/SuperNETorg/iguana.git
cd gui/EasyDEX-GUI/
git checkout master
git pull
cd ../../
```

Install Iguana App
```shell
cd iguana
npm install
```

Then start Iguana App
```shell
npm start
```

#### For end users
The instructions to make production build of Iguana App will be updated soon.

To build the production ready app, install `electron-packager` and `electron-prebuilt` packages from npm
```shell
npm install electron-packager -g
npm install electron-prebuilt -g
```
If you got `ERR! code EASCCESS` try to run commands under `root/Administrator` account.

#### **Build the Wallet-App**
Refer to the original [electron-packager](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-packager) repository for more detailed information.

##### Linux
Change directory to iguana and execute the following command to build the Linux app
```shell
cd iguana
electron-packager . --platform=linux --arch=x64 --icon=assets/icons/iguana_app_icon_png/128x128.png --out=build/ --buildVersion=VERSION_NUMBER_HERE --ignore=assets/bin/win64 --ignore=assets/bin/osx --overwrite
```
change architecture build parameter to ```--arch=x32``` for 32 bit build

##### OSX
Change directory to iguana and execute the following command to build the OSX app
```shell
cd iguana
electron-packager . --platform=darwin --arch=x64 --icon=assets/icons/iguana_app_icon.icns --out=build/ --buildVersion=VERSION_NUMBER_HERE --ignore=assets/bin/win64 --ignore=assets/bin/linux64 --overwrite
```

##### Windows
Change directory to iguana and execute the following command to build the Windows app
```shell
dir iguana
electron-packager . --platform=win32 --arch=x64 --icon=assets/icons/iguana_app_icon.ico --out=build/ --buildVersion=VERSION_NUMBER_HERE --ignore=assets/bin/osx --ignore=assets/bin/linux64 --overwrite

# If generating 32bit desktop package
electron-packager . --platform=win32 --arch=ia32 --icon=assets/icons/iguana_app_icon.ico --out=build/ --buildVersion=VERSION_NUMBER_HERE --ignore=assets/bin/osx --ignore=assets/bin/linux64 --overwrite

# To build both x64 and x86 desktop package
electron-packager . --platform=win32 --arch=all --icon=assets/icons/iguana_app_icon.ico --out=build/ --buildVersion=VERSION_NUMBER_HERE --ignore=assets/bin/osx --ignore=assets/bin/linux64 --overwrite
```
change architecture build parameter to ```--arch=x64``` for 64 bit build


## Troubleshooting Instructions

### Windows DLL issues
On Windows it's noticed iguana.exe complains about `VCRUNTIME140D.DLL` and `ucrtbased.dll` file.

Please see **windeps** directory and README file for instructions to install the required DLL files on Windows, and then try again running Iguana App.
